a Race Against Time for a final moment
with her son stuck in Jordan Nancy kiss
made it to kandia refugee camp despite
the Israeli imposed closure on the
occupied West Bank to see her son Yasser
one last
time he was killed by Israeli forces
near the Israeli military checkpoint of
kalandia north of occupied e Jerusalem
his shooting was captured live as the
17-year-old joined a protest supporting
Palestinians in the besieged Gaza
trp his grandmother F has little
consolation for her daughter-in-law
she's been in her place three times
before when Israeli forces killed three
of her sons since the year
2001 we do not bring Tran to this life
to die but to live we want to be able to
live in peace and have a good life I
lost my sons when they were very young
they were 11 15 and 17 years old they
didn't do anything to deserve
this yaser was named after his uncle
both faced the same Destiny being shot
and killed by Israeli forces fire we've
seen a lot of funerals like this one
here in the occupied West Bank this year
as it's been deemed the deadliest in
nearly two
decades Palestinians here worry the
situation will only get worse after
hamas's operation against
Israel we don't like blood blood was
imposed on us Israelis now are killing
young men because they're letting off
steam as people say their final goodbye
to yaser the chants outside are getting
louder friends promising they'll seek
revenge nid ibraim Al jaaz the occupied
West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer